If I told you to design me
an underground city,
a city for 25,000 people,
what would you say?
I'd tell you it's impossible.
There's no amount of money
that would allow you
to excavate a space so large.
Build me my city!
[helicopter whirring]
[♪ tense music playing]
You got the real stuff, Sam.
My old man's still crushing me
with blows like,
"You're a joke, you're Peter Lawford.
You're only in the band
-because of who you're related to."
-[Sinatra] Jesus!
[over recording]
You need to do what we discussed.
Take them out. That's an order.
[Cal Bradford] People need to know
that there are survivors,
that their people could be alive up there,
and I'm gonna tell them the truth.
No, you're not.
If I wanted to make a mixtape,
is that possible?
Straight ahead and up the stairs.
[♪ tense, melodic music playing]
I've been listening to her
and I've been watching,
and I'm gonna take her down.
-[gunfire]
-[people screaming]
People are alive, and I believe
your wife is one of them.
[Teri Rogers-Collins]
My name is Teri Rogers-Collins.
I'm here with other survivors.
[Sinatra] You might want
to check on your daughter.
Jane! Oh, my God!
All I can think to do
is hide from all of this.
-Would you come with me?
-I got you.
Okay.
You will release my people and you
will find out who murdered the president
if you ever wanna see
your daughter or your wife again.
The DNA from Cal's murder
didn't match anyone in the bunker.
It appears our killer
came from the outside.
♪♪
♪ Put a candle ♪
♪ In the window ♪
[♪ "Long as I Can See the Light"
by Ted Hawkins playing]
♪ 'Cause I fear I've gotta move ♪
♪ Though I'm going, going ♪
♪ I'll be coming home soon ♪
♪ Long as I can see the light ♪
Build me my city!
♪ Pack my bags ♪
♪ And let's get moving ♪
-♪ 'Cause I'm bound to drift a while... ♪
-[people chattering]
Alright, boys, that's half-hour.
Half of an hour, 30 minutes,
not 31, not 32, because...
-[all] Every minute counts.
-That's right.
-Hey, boss.
-Yeah.
I decided what I'm gonna do
with the money from this gig.
Oh, well, I'm guessing municipal bonds?
[laughing] Nah.
Gonna get me a pretty little thing
with a fat ass.
That's an equally sound investment.
Hey, Wakanda,
what you gonna do with the money?
I'm going to send it
back home to my mother.
-[worker 2] Oh, my God.
-[workers snickering]
[worker 1] Now, I feel guilty for wanting
to spend it all on some ass.
-[locker door clanking]
-[worker 2] Come on, let's go.
-[people chattering]
-[worker coughing]
[truck rumbling]
[people chattering]
That looks and smells so much better
than whatever the hell this is.
-Here.
-[laughing] Oh, you don't have to.
Eat.
I tried my best to make it
as my mother does, but, you know.
The spices.
They wouldn't let me bring the spices.
Eat.
I just grab one? [laughing]
-[Adam] Wait, like this.
-[laughing]
[people chattering]
Oh, my God.
Are you kidding me?
This is incredible, Adam.
-Abdourahman.
-Abdour-ah-mom.
Adam is fine.
[Trent sighing]
But thank you for trying.
Yeah.
Dip.
[♪ soft orchestral music playing]
[inaudible]
[Adam] No way.
[gasps] Where did you find this?
[Trent]
I tried four West African food shops.
[♪ soft music continues]
Hey!
[inaudible]
I am floating.
[Adam weeping]
-Santé.
-Cheers.
-[bottles clinking]
-To anywhere other than here.
-[explosions booming]
-[♪ soft orchestral music playing]
[steam hissing]
♪♪
[worker coughing]
-Hey, man, you okay?
-[coughing]
[Anders] What is this?
It's arsenopyrite residue.
-It's an iron arsenic sulfide.
-I know. I know what it is.
Shit. [laughs]
We gotta shut this all down.
We should be able to get everybody--
Will this compromise
the integrity of the site?
[scoffs]
I mean, as you know, the sulfide
is only toxic during early excavation.
So, if you're asking if the site
will eventually be safe, it will.
But the people working it will not.
They'll get sick, and then sicker.
Mm, I get it, I know, okay.
Look, we'll, uh, just send
the guys back to housing
for the time being, okay?
Give everyone the night off.
It'll be fine, I'll take care of it.
-Yeah.
-Right? [chuckles]
Yeah, okay.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[construction vehicles rumbling]
[door lock beeping]
[door lock buzzing]
[buzzing]
-I'm the project manager.
-[door lock beeping]
-It's not working.
-[security guard] I can't let you in, sir.
I need to take your badge.
-[Trent] What-- what is going on?
-I'm sorry, this-- it wasn't my call.
Why are my guys back in the hole?
They will wear masks
and we'll work around it.
I promise, I'll do everything I can
to keep them safe.
The excavation continues,
it-- it has to continue.
We both know
this isn't a recycling facility.
What are we really building here?
-Shut up.
-[fence rattling]
Listen, you don't wanna mess
with these people.
They have intelligence
something is coming.
Something catastrophic.
Please, just forget about this job
and forget about these men.
There's nothing you can do.
-Anders, wait.
-There's nothing any of us can do.
W-- Wait!
[♪ gentle, melodic music playing]
-[phone beeping]
-[Trent] Adam, I need you to pick up.
Just-- You're not listening to me
about what's coming.
♪ Put a candle in the window ♪
-[phone beeping]
-[Trent] Adam, it's me again.
I know you think I'm crazy,
but please, just call me back.
♪ 'Cause I'm going ♪
-[phone beeping]
-[Trent] You're not listening to me.
Nobody is listening to me.
Well they-- They will soon.
You will all listen soon.
♪ Long as I can see the light ♪
-♪ Long as I can see the light ♪
-Weapon!
-[gunshot]
-The world deserves to know!
Everyone deserves to know!
♪ Ooh ♪
[Teri] [on recording] I'm looking
for my husband, Xavier Collins.
My children, Presley and James.
They were headed to a complex in Colorado.
-[static crackling]
-Once again, my name
is Teri Rogers-Collins.
I'm here with other survivors.
[Sinatra, voice muffled] You might want
to check on your daughter.
[♪ soft, tense music playing]
It's over. Let 'em go.
-What the hell are you talking about?
-Sinatra didn't kill POTUS.
The DNA came back from the crime scene,
and it doesn't match anyone down here,
which means there was DNA on the president
that belongs to someone
who either snuck in here
or was here before we showed up.
I need to find out who that is,
and I need to find 'em fast,
and I need you to tell everyone
to stand down. Give me your gun.
Like hell, I'm gonna give you
my fucking gun.
I need to go back to the crime scene.
Something got missed.
Collins, Collins, listen. We did our jobs.
No, Robinson,
you fucking missed something.
Look, if the DNA doesn't match
anybody down here,
we need to be looking at arrival day.
Sure, do whatever you want.
What the fuck does she have on you?
My daughter.
[Henry Baines]
My fellow citizens,
obviously, we experienced some
unusual occurrences today.
We want to assure you
that everyone is safe
and order has been restored.
You are in no danger, but law enforcement
does need the space to do their jobs.
Any confidential info on the tablet,
any remote server access, I want it gone.
-[worker] All of it?
-All of it.
[Jeremy Bradford] She said,
"I need you to keep her out there
"until I can speak to the others.
"They found someone, a survivor,
and they know there are more."
And yet, while things
are now under control,
today's events have made it clear to us
that President Cal Bradford
may have died as a result of foul play.
[diners gasping and murmuring]
Okay, I-I-I, I think you should slow down.
You need a break.
[whispering] Samantha.
Samantha, come here.
Something has come undone here.
Sam.
You are coming undone. Let me help you.
I don't think you should waste
any more time on me, Gabriela.
I'm not who you think I am.
I've done terrible things.
I've done unspeakable, terrible things.
Okay, well,
there's nothing that we can't--
You're excused, Dr. Torabi.
[Henry] For the time being, we are asking
that everyone remain indoors.
Rest assured, justice will be served.
Everything will be back to normal soon.
Billy and I used to sit around,
eat like shit all day
until our stomachs hurt.
Sorry, I'm such a buzzkill.
No, don't-- don't be sorry.
Um, I should--
I should give you some space.
No, no, stay.
Please. Just a little longer.
[softly] Okay.
[phone buzzing]
Excuse me. Sorry.
This is Jane.
[Sinatra] I know you're close
with Xavier Collins,
but I need to know
you'll do what needs to be done.
-What do you need me to do to him?
-[Sinatra] No, I'll handle Collins.
But I am wrestling
with what to do about the girl.
[clearing throat] She knows too much.
She could point to you,
and that could point to me.
I'm sure I'm just being paranoid, but I--
-[Jane Driscoll] I'll handle it.
-No, no.
What I'm saying is I just wanna make sure
-that we keep the lid on--
-[Jane] Got it.
I do have a question for you, though.
As you know, the president had a bunch
of video games I enjoyed,
particularly the Wii.
And I was wondering, well,
if that Wii could be available.
You know? For me?
-I'm sorry?
-[Jane] If I take care of all this stuff.
Are you fucking insane?
Just don't do anything to the girl.
I think we should end
the conversation here.
It will be better that way.
-Excuse me?
-[disconnected line beeping]
[♪ tense, melodic music playing]
[birds chirping]
[Cal] You're not wrong, Xavier.
What's in here will definitely kill me.
[♪ tense, orchestral music playing]
♪♪
[singing] ♪ Another day ♪
♪ For you and me ♪
Listening party?
♪ Another day ♪
♪ For you and me ♪
Listening party?
[♪ tense, orchestral music playing]
[Cal] [over speakers]
Hey, kid. It's your dad.
I came down to the library
to make you a mixtape,
and, uh, bury a few national secrets
while I'm here.
[Xavier Collins]
812092.
[knocking]
I need your help.
Sorry, I decided to start
getting frat-house drunk, so...
Every resident was given a psych consult
shortly after moving in down here.
I need the information
from those consults for these people.
-What is this?
-It's a list of everybody who was flagged
on arrival day-- wristband issues,
breakdowns, anything.
I need to know who from that list
might not be who they say they are.
Okay, look, I didn't personally interview
thousands of people, my team did.
And those files are confidential.
[clicking tongue] Cheers.
I'm done asking nicely.
[Gabriela sighs]
[♪ soft, tense music playing]
Mm, what about Jordan E. Bennett?
Um, no. No, he's-- he's legit.
Suffers from severe PTSD,
and hasn't left his neighborhood
in over two months.
So, why are you getting day-drunk?
Oh, I don't know.
Um...
It's possible that I have been
telling people for the last decade...
that a monster isn't a monster.
-Shit.
-Yeah.
[keys clicking]
-Hm.
-Hm, what?
It's-- I mean, it-- it's silly.
It's probably nothing,
just an error, maybe.
Mm.
Okay, no, no, no, wait, wait.
If what's in this file is right,
then something--
something is very wrong.
[♪ soft, tense music playing]
[phone buzzing]
[♪ tense, orchestral music playing]
♪♪
Oh, here, sit a while.
-You don't gotta ask me twice.
-[chuckles lightly]
How have you been?
The last few days have just been a bit--
Insane? Yeah, no shit.
This is my third plate of these today.
Well, I mean, they're just so damn good.
[Maggie laughing]
You were pretty damn good, too.
[gun clicking]
Don't move a fucking inch.
[♪ tense, orchestral music playing]
Now, I don't know who the hell
you really are, but Maggie Davis...
carried a fucking EpiPen with her
everywhere she went.
A spoonful of this cashew cheese shit
would've knocked her on her ass.
I'm almost relieved.
♪♪
I deserve everything
that happens to me, but just know...
He made me do it.
Who?
-[thudding]
-[grunting]
Sorry, bud. Wrong place, wrong time.
-[Teri] Hello?
-[Xavier] Teri, it's me.
[Teri] [distorted]
Oh my God. Where are you?
-Where are you?
-[Teri] I didn't make it.
Be a good father. Be a good father.
Be a good father to them.
You don't recognize me, do you?
The-- the real me, that is.
I always wondered if one of you would.
Weapon!
[gunshot]
The world deserves to know!
Everyone deserves to know!
It's okay, it's okay.
Agent Collins, you're-- you're concussed.
It's gonna take a few minutes.
Lucky for you, we-- we have some time.
It's a long story, after all.
[phone ringing]
-[Adam] Hello?
-[Trent] You answered.
[Adam]
I answered to tell you to stop calling.
Don't hang up. Don't hang up, please.
Do you think it's luck
that the worst prison in the country
is in Colorado?
It's fate that I'm even here...
so I can be close to the site
when the time comes,
so we can be close,
we can survive whatever is coming.
Adam...
-Adam. Please.
-[Adam] I'm dying.
I know.
I know, but I'm trying to save you.
[Adam]
There's no saving what's coming for me.
There is. Adam, I can save you.
-Don't hang--
-[phone line disconnecting]
[receiver clunking]
[crying] Adam!
Most disturbingly, some reports
indicate the wave may be as high as...
-[♪ melodic orchestral music playing]
-[prison inmates shouting]
-[knife thudding]
-[prison guard grunting]
[door lock buzzing]
♪♪
[grunts]
[car horns honking]
[honking continues]
Identification, please.
-Y'all headed to the arrival coordinates?
-Yes.
Uh, we're local,
coming from just outside of Denver.
I'm a librarian, I'm on a list.
I'm definitely on a list.
Alright, I tell you what,
entrance is about a mile ahead,
but there's a path to get to it on foot.
I'll show you.
-Oh...
-Bless you, Officer.
-Thank you. Thank you.
-Yeah.
Just on up ahead here,
you'll be-- you'll be able to see it
when we get around this bend, okay?
Hey, this is kind of a dead-end.
Should we--
-[couple shouting]
-[gunshots]
[electric shaver buzzing]
[car horns honking]
[person] Hey, what the fuck is this?
What the fuck-- yeah, you!
What the fuck are you doing?
[Maggie sobbing]
[Maggie sniffling]
-Fuck off!
-I'm not judging.
[people shouting, fighting]
I've done nothing with my life.
The world is ending
and the only thing I thought to do
was come here so I could smoke
and eat junk food in my car
without judgment, for once.
I'm having a ball. [laughing]
[♪ soft orchestral music playing]
You might be the only person in the world
who's in the right place
at the right time.
♪♪
[arrivals officer] Surrender all weapons
and prohibited items
-at the designated areas!
-[arrivals officer 2] Eli Davis.
-Margaret Davis, uh...
-[scanner buzzing]
Can I see your wristband, sir?
Your wristband?
I need to see your wristband.
What happened to your wristband,
is it broken?
-It broke.
-It-- How did it break?
Okay, how did this happen, sir? Sir?
Sir, I-- I have a long line. I just need--
-Is something wrong with him?
-Hey, take a deep breath, breathe for me.
-[hyperventilating]
-Do you need a paramedic, sir?
It's okay, it's okay.
Where's your inhaler?
-Sir, I need you to stay calm.
-Everybody--
-Everybody's gone.
-I need you to calm down.
-We-- we almost didn't make it.
-[overlapping chatter]
Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh God, oh God!
Just go! Just go!
So, I got in, and I set about
to finish the job.
But then, I don't know,
I-- I'm embarrassed to say it.
I got comfortable here.
And I started thinking I...
I deserved to survive.
To live, even.
For Adam, and for everybody
who built this place
who didn't get invited.
I was willing to live out
my days down here,
quietly, sadly...
in this library that I loved.
Until...
Hello, there.
Your Honor. [clears throat] I mean, not--
uh, not Your Honor.
What is-- what is it?
-Mr. President.
-Cal is fine.
If I wanted to make a mixtape,
is that possible?
Yes, uh, we have--
we have the music library.
Thousands and thousands of albums
in various formats...
[♪ soft, tense music playing]
[Trent]
It all came flooding back to me.
[worker coughing]
And I knew I had to finish what I started.
[♪ soft piano music playing]
Call me when you're sober.
Have I ever made you proud?
You never did anything
I didn't do for you.
[♪ soft piano music continues]
I'll forgive you when I can sleep again.
And I'll sleep again when you're dead.
[♪ soft piano music continues]
♪♪
I'll leave you be.
So, you can tell everyone
who did this and why.
No, don't do this, man.
Thank you for waking me up
from this stupor.
And...
-[patting book]
-Thank you for this.
[scoffs]
I-- I knew the way out,
I just didn't know how.
And whatever's left of the world
deserves to know.
Please don't leave me here.
Hey, I need the book.
That book tells me where my wife is.
I need the book to find her.
I need the book to find her, and I...
[voice fading]
[♪ soft piano music concludes]
[grunting]
-[door thudding]
-Who's there?
-[Robinson] Collins?
-I'm here!
Oh, shit.
-Is he here?
-No, it's clear.
-Can you get me outta here?
-Yeah.
Fuck. [grunts]
It was him. It's the librarian.
-Yeah, we need to call it in.
-No.
I know where he's headed.
[♪ tense orchestral music playing]
♪♪
-On your right!
-[Robinson] I got him!
-[Xavier] Don't move!
-Okay, okay.
You got me. You got me.
[♪ soft, tense music playing]
-Hey wait, no, no, hey, stop!
-[Robinson] Whoa, whoa! Hey!
They had a chance
to start over down here...
to build a better world.
Instead, they chose more of the same.
Bloated houses for the privileged few.
Guns.
Made this place a prison.
[scoffs] It's the American fuckin' dream.
But there are bodies scattered
in the dirt down here.
People need to know this place
is nothing more than a grave site.
Now, it'll be mine too.
-Okay, wait, hey, look, look.
-[Robinson] No, no, no, hey!
I'm putting the gun down, okay?
Paradise.
What a fucking joke. [sobbing]
[Xavier and Robinson] No!
-[Trent thudding]
-[glass shattering]
[wind whistling]
She's expecting me.
I'm not here to start anything.
I found him. It was the librarian.
Same man who tried
to assassinate the president
on the White House lawn.
-He was hiding here in plain sight.
-The librarian?
How?
It's a long story.
But you'll have plenty of time
to figure it out,
because his body is currently
splattered on top of someone's roof.
Now, where the hell is my daughter?
[♪ soft tense music playing]
Okay.
I'll ask you one more time.
Where's my daughter?
I'm sorry, Agent Collins.
I never intended
for things to go this far.
God forgive me. [sniffling]
I...
[Xavier sobbing]
[♪ tense orchestral music playing]
-[gunshots]
-[Sinatra gasping]
[whimpers]
[Xavier] [breathing heavily]
Okay.
What did you do?
What the fuck did you do?
-[gunshot]
-Oh!
Presley's fine.
[Sinatra gasping]
Xavier, she's fine.
I-- I found her. I had her.
-She's okay?
-She's at home, she's safe.
She's with Brooks and Rainey.
I put them at the door.
[gasping, groaning]
He was gonna blow your brains out.
But you're no use to me if you're dead.
A long recovery ahead of you.
Probably should have just
let me have the Wii.
-[♪ soft tense music playing]
-[Sinatra gasping]
[brakes screeching]
[Xavier] My kids. Where are my kids?
Everyone's here.
They're good, they're all safe.
-Dad!
-Oh, my God, Dad!
[♪ soft, tense music playing]
-Are you okay? Are you hurt?
-Yeah, Dad, I'm fine.
I'm fine.
[♪ soft orchestral music playing]
Sinatra's down.
For now.
But there will be somebody else
to take her place.
Good book he left you.
I can't go out there,
not after everything that's happened.
Collins, he's showing you the way.
-He gave his life for it.
-I can't just--
-[hand banging]
-It is not just about you.
It is not just about your wife.
We need to know what's out there.
We need to know who's left.
I would die before I ever let anything
happen to those kids.
Is this real?
I promised her I would keep you safe.
And you have.
But now, you need to bring her home.
[♪ soft orchestral music playing]
[Cal] [over speakers]
Hey kid. It's your dad.
I came down to the library
to make you a mixtape,
and, uh, bury a few national secrets
while I'm here.
Now, I know, not everyone
appreciates this kind of music like I do.
You've made that abundantly clear
over the years.
But, hey, not everybody has the exquisite
taste that your old man does.
You know, I've always believed...
I've always believed
you are what you love.
And you know what,
I really love this shit.
I do. Yeah.
Yeah, you are the things you love.
[Cal sighs]
[over headphones]
And if that's the case...
then I am you, my boy.
And I think you're me.
And Jeremy...
You don't like this world I built?
Fix it.
♪ She calls out to the man on the street ♪
♪ Sir, can you help me? ♪
♪ It's cold and I've nowhere to sleep ♪
♪ Is there somewhere you can tell me? ♪
♪ He walks on, doesn't look back ♪
♪ He pretends he can't hear her ♪
♪ Starts to whistle
as he crosses the street ♪
♪ Seems embarrassed to be there ♪
♪ Oh, think twice ♪
♪ 'Cause it's another day
for you and me in paradise ♪
♪ Oh, think twice ♪
-♪ 'Cause it's another day for you ♪
-[keypad beeping]
♪ You and me in paradise ♪
[alert buzzing]
[♪ soft orchestral music playing]
[overlapping shouting]
[♪ soft orchestral music
continues playing]
[grunting]
[overlapping shouting continues]
Please take your s--
-Enough!
-[shouting stops]
♪♪
♪ Oh, think twice ♪
♪ 'Cause it's another day
for you and me in paradise ♪
-♪ Oh, think twice ♪
-[machine beeping]
♪ It's just another day for you ♪
♪ You and me in paradise ♪
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ Oh, think twice ♪
♪ 'Cause it's another day
for you and me in paradise ♪
♪ Oh, think twice ♪
♪ It's just another day for you ♪
♪ You and me in paradise ♪
♪ Oh, think twice ♪
♪ 'Cause it's another day
for you and me in paradise ♪
I'm coming, baby.
♪ Oh, think twice ♪
♪ It's just another day for you ♪
♪ You and me in paradise ♪
♪♪
[♪ tense, melodic music playing]
[♪ music fades out]
[♪ fanfare playing]